---
title: "Post 11118"
se.owner.user_id: 6
se.owner.display_name: "Nicolas Chabanovsky"
se.owner.link: "https://ru.meta.stackoverflow.com/users/6/nicolas-chabanovsky"
se.link: "https://ru.meta.stackoverflow.com/a/11118"
se.post_id: 11118
se.post_type: answer
---
<h3>How do I use the First posts queue?</h3>
<p><em>Access earned at $Privilege-AccessReviewQueues reputation</em><br />
The First Posts queue contains the first few posts created by new users, who may
not fully understand the best way to ask and answer questions, or
what's on- and off-topic on this site. The purpose of this queue is to
give special attention to users who may need to be educated on some
aspect of our model, and to posts that are more likely to need
improvement.</p>
<h2>Basic workflow</h2>
<p>When reviewing, you may do one or more of several actions or you may do none. Perform all actions that you deem
necessary. For example, a question may be complete and on-topic but
need formatting help. In this case, edit to improve the formatting and - if you wish - upvote it before clicking &quot;I'm done&quot;.</p>
<ul>
<li>Choose <strong>No action needed</strong> if the post requires no intervention.</li>
<li>Select <strong>I’m done</strong> if/when you’ve completed any
of the following:
<ul>
<li><strong>Vote</strong> up or down.</li>
<li><strong>Edit</strong> (or suggest an edit) if the
post is clear and within guidelines, but could use some editing help to
improve grammar, spelling, or formatting.</li>
<li><strong>Comment</strong> (or upvote existing comments) to point out content
that is missing or may need adjusting. These comments can be useful to
both the post author and other reviewers.</li>
<li><strong>Flag</strong> posts that are spam or rude, as well as answers that don't attempt to answer the question or are link-only.</li>
<li><a href="/help/privileges/trusted-user">Trusted users</a> may also <strong>vote to delete</strong> answers that don’t attempt to answer the question, are link-only, or are duplicates of other answers.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Skip</strong> if you’re unsure about what to do.</li>
</ul>
<p>One review from a user is enough to dismiss the task, so review
carefully to ensure that this question meets site expectations. Here
are some guidelines when reviewing and deciding which actions to take
on new posts:</p>
<h3>For all posts</h3>
<ul>
<li>If the post is spam or contains promotional links, flag it as &quot;spam&quot;.</li>
<li>If the post is offensive, flag as &quot;rude or abusive&quot;.</li>
</ul>
<h3>For questions</h3>
<ul>
<li>Check that the main part of the question is in the post itself and not hosted off-site. If there are links to other
sites, the question should be written so that it makes sense even if
the links break or change.</li>
<li>The question should:
<ul>
<li>be clear.</li>
<li>have all necessary information required to answer it.</li>
<li>be on-topic for the site.</li>
<li>solicit fact-based answers.</li>
<li>show research.</li>
<li>be appropriately tagged.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>If appropriate, comment and ask for the missing information to narrow the
scope of the question, or reword the question so it fits the site
scope.</li>
<li>If the question seems like a question you have seen before,
check if the post is a duplicate.</li>
<li>Upvote good, well-written questions
to encourage new users.</li>
<li>Sometimes a question will need to be closed,
which can be done by <a href="/help/privileges/flag-posts">flagging</a> or
voting to close it. You can read
more about when questions should be closed
<a href="/help/closed-questions">here</a>.</li>
</ul>
<h3>For answers</h3>
<ul>
<li>Check that the post author attempts to provide a focused answer, and not a simple comment or new question post.</li>
<li>The post should be unique from other answers provided.</li>
<li>The post should
not have broken links or be exclusively made up of links.</li>
</ul>
<p>For more information on how to edit effectively, please see our <a href="/help/editing">Help
center article about editing</a>.</p>
<p>Some of the content of this page is adapted from information in our
<a href="https://meta.stackexchange.com/a/180030">Meta Stack Exchange FAQ</a>, which also contains more in-depth
guidance if you are interested in reading more about this queue.</p>
