---
title: "Post 11122"
se.owner.user_id: 6
se.owner.display_name: "Nicolas Chabanovsky"
se.owner.link: "https://ru.meta.stackoverflow.com/users/6/nicolas-chabanovsky"
se.link: "https://ru.meta.stackoverflow.com/a/11122"
se.post_id: 11122
se.post_type: answer
---
<h3>How do I use the Late Answers queue?</h3>
<p><em>Access earned at $Privilege-AccessReviewQueues reputation</em><br />
The Late Answers queue contains answers that were posted by new users much
later than when the question was asked. Late answers tend to be seen
by fewer people than answers posted soon after the question was asked,
so the review queue helps ensure that these answers meet the same
quality standards as all other answers.</p>
<p>While many late answers are merely saying “Thanks!” or are attempts to
ask follow-up questions and should be deleted, in other cases it may
require specific knowledge of the topic. If you’re unsure whether the
answer actually attempts to answer the question, use the “Skip”
option.</p>
<h2>Basic workflow</h2>
<p>When reviewing, you may do one or more of several actions or you may do none. Perform all actions that you deem
necessary. For example, an answer may be complete and do a good job of
answering the question, but need formatting help. In this case, edit to
improve the formatting and - if you wish - upvote it before clicking &quot;I'm done&quot;.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Choose <strong>No action needed</strong> if the answer requires no intervention</p>
</li>
<li><p>Select <strong>I’m done</strong> if/when
you’ve completed any of the following:</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Vote</strong> up or down.</p>
</li>
<li><p><strong>Edit</strong> (or
suggest an edit) if the answer is clear and within guidelines, but
could use some editing help to improve grammar, spelling, or
formatting.</p>
</li>
<li><p><strong>Comment</strong> to point out content that is missing or may need
adjusting. These comments can be useful to both the post author and
other reviewers.</p>
</li>
<li><p><strong>Flag</strong> posts that are spam or rude, as well as answers that don't attempt to answer the question or are link-only.</p>
</li>
<li><p><a href="/help/privileges/trusted-user">Trusted users</a> may also <strong>Delete</strong> answers that don’t attempt to answer the question, are
link-only, or are duplicates of other answers.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p><strong>Skip</strong> if you’re unsure about what to do</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Common Late answers</h2>
<ul>
<li><p>Spam or self-promotion</p>
<ul>
<li>If the answer meets the <a href="/help/promotion">description for acceptable self-promotion</a>, add a
comment mentioning this to reduce the chance of other reviewers
marking it spam. If it does not, add a comment linking to the help
center article and encourage the author to edit the post to meet our
guidelines. If it unequivocally looks like spam, flag it as such.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Non-answers</p>
<ul>
<li>Answers thanking the author of the question or one of its
answers, asking a new question, stating that they have the same problem, or asking for clarification from the author. These should be deleted.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>For more information on how to edit effectively, please see our <a href="/help/editing">Help center article about editing</a>.</p>
<p>Some of the content of this page is adapted from information in our
<a href="https://meta.stackexchange.com/a/180031">Meta Stack Exchange FAQ</a>, which also contains more in-depth
guidance if you are interested in reading more about this queue.</p>
