---
title: "Answer 11117"
se.owner.user_id: 6
se.owner.display_name: "Nicolas Chabanovsky"
se.owner.link: "https://ru.meta.stackoverflow.com/users/6/nicolas-chabanovsky"
se.answer_id: 11117
se.question_id: 11114
se.post_type: answer
se.is_accepted: False
---
<h3>How do I use the Low-quality posts queue?</h3>
<p><em>Access earned at $Privilege-PostEditing reputation</em><br />
Posts entering the Low-quality posts queue have been <a href="/help/privileges/flag-posts">flagged as</a>
problematic by users or recognized by
the system’s quality checks to be potentially low quality. This may
include:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>questions or answers that are very short, in the wrong
language or gibberish.</p>
</li>
<li><p>new or follow-up questions written as answers.</p>
</li>
<li><p>answers that do not attempt to answer the question asked or contain
only links and no explanation.</p>
</li>
<li><p>comments entered as answers (“I have the
same question” or “thanks for the great answer”).</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>It’s important to
remember that an incorrect answer is not “low quality” by our
definition. Incorrect answers should get a comment explaining any
issues or be downvoted, not flagged.</p>
<h2>Basic workflow</h2>
<p>First, check to see if the post is a question or an answer; it will be labeled as &quot;Question&quot; or &quot;Answer&quot; at the top. The
majority of posts in this queue will be answers.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Choose <strong>Looks OK</strong> for questions that are on-topic, sufficiently detailed
and not too broad. Use this option for answers that answer the
question as asked, even if they may be incorrect.</p>
</li>
<li><p><strong>Edit</strong> if the post is good quality, but you can improve the post to make it better. Avoid editing posts that should be closed or deleted, as it will remove the post from review.</p>
</li>
<li><p><strong>Recommend deletion</strong> or <strong>Delete</strong> if you think that an answer does not address the question at all, is link-only, or is incomprehensible. Do not vote to delete answers that are simply wrong. You may leave a comment explaining the issues with the answer, or choose one of the provided canned comments.</p>
</li>
<li><p><strong>Recommend close</strong> or <strong>Close</strong> if you think that a question should be closed (See <a href="/help/closed-questions">What does it mean if a question is</a> “closed”?).</p>
</li>
<li><p><strong>Skip</strong> if you’re unsure about the post’s quality.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Some of the content of this page is adapted from information in our
<a href="https://meta.stackexchange.com/a/180029">Meta Stack Exchange FAQ</a>, which also contains more in-depth guidance if you are interested in reading more about this queue.</p>
