---
title: "Community help needed to clean up goo.gl links (by August 25)"
se.owner.user_id: 541910
se.owner.display_name: "Sasha"
se.owner.link: "https://ru.meta.stackoverflow.com/users/541910/sasha"
se.link: "https://ru.meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/14676/community-help-needed-to-clean-up-goo-gl-links-by-august-25"
se.question_id: 14676
se.post_type: question
---
<p><strong><a href="https://meta.stackexchange.com/q/401612/1324540">As users on multiple sites have pointed out</a>, many links created by Google’s url shortening service (goo.gl) are going to stop functioning as of August 25, 2025.</strong> There are thousands of these links in questions, answers, and comments across the network.</p>
<p>Our plan is to replace all these links with the final destination url that they redirect to, which we should be able to do in bulk, without bumping questions on the home page. In some cases this may mean posts go over their 30,000 character limit (hence why a link shortener was used in the first place). This is okay for questions and answers, and does not cause any problems for the posts, unless someone goes to edit them. In that case, they would need to find a way to shorten the post, in order to still fit the full url. It’s not ideal, but with a post that long it should be possible to find a few words to cut out.</p>
<p>However, this plan poses more of a problem for comments, which have a much shorter limit of 600 characters, and which are only editable by moderators. <strong>The best option is probably to take important links from comments that are already at or close to 600 characters, and edit them directly into the posts they are associated with.</strong> Then the comments can be flagged as “no longer needed” and deleted.</p>
<p>This site has at least 74 comments in this position, so we would like to solicit help from the community. You can find these comments by using the <a href="https://api.stackexchange.com/">API</a> or <a href="https://data.stackexchange.com/" rel="nofollow noreferrer">SEDE</a>, and I will also add a list that we generated in an answer below.</p>
<p>So my questions for this community are:</p>
<ul>
<li>Are you interested/able to help with this project to move these urls from comments into posts in the next two weeks (before the deadline of August 25th)?</li>
<li>Is there any support you need to be able to take this on?</li>
<li>Or do you have alternative ideas for how to handle these urls?</li>
</ul>
